gh-107801: Document io.TextIOWrapper.tell (#108265)
python/cpython: Doc/library/io.rst

      * ``seek(0, SEEK_SET)``: Rewind to the start of the stream.
      * ``seek(cookie, SEEK_SET)``: Restore a previous position;
        *cookie* **must be** a number returned by :meth:`tell`.
      * ``seek(0, SEEK_END)``: Fast-forward to the end of the stream.
      * ``seek(0, SEEK_CUR)``: Leave the current stream position unchanged.

      Any other argument combinations are invalid,
      and may raise exceptions.

   .. method:: tell()

      Return the stream position as an encoded :class:`int`,
      referred to as a "cookie".
      The return value of :meth:`!tell` can be given as input to :meth:`seek`,

>       to restore a previous stream position.

Author: Perhaps we should emphasise more that the "cookie" can only be interpreted by the internal encoder/decoder.

Author: ```suggestion
      Return the stream position as an opaque number.
      The return value of :meth:`!tell` can be given as input to :meth:`seek`,
      to restore a previous stream position.
```
